Sweat or Person class you that's great.
But the Scriptorium 5:57 offers some of her great Futurists with classes.
It has inheritance built in so we already have inheritance with prototypes but no it's easier than ever
to grasp and to do well on your own.
So let's say off my person I want to create a specific purpose.
This Max class and with the extents keyword Id find that Max should extend prison.
This means it will inherit everything Priscilla has this property at this function but of able to add
my own things to Word or override the properties or functions I inherited from my most recent parent
class here.
So we can check this by know not creating a new person but creating a new Mak's like this.
If I now run Read what do you think I'll see if I get run see my name is Max.
Because even though Max here doesn't have a constructor the parent class person which Max extends does
therefore I can still pass the name and it will be used here and then I can also call this method because
this is also set up in the parent class.
So Max is currently not the most useful class.
Let's add a property to him.
So add a constructor to set this age equals.
And now when it gets the age that is only true it is.
And I want to change the greeting to say and I am and then just start age what do you think will happen
if I had run or they get an error.
And the reason for this error is that here in the constructor we're not calling our parent constructor
.
However we need to do that.
Otherwise our parent class is not set up correctly.
So as a rule of thumb you have to remember that if you want to use a constructor in your class which
extends not for class you also have to call the constructor in the parent class.
Now how do you do this with the super keyword and then parentheses this will call the parent constructor
.
Now it still won't pass a name.
Now since this object here is named Max orthis class I think it's appropriate to always pass Max the
parent constructor.
So for now it run what you think will happen.
We see.
My name is Max 9:27 So now everything works again just by adding this super call.
Here it is super constructor call.
And as I said this is important to remember.
Always call the constructor of your parent class if you want to add your own constructor.
If you don't have your own constructor like before you don't need it.
But if you do you sure need to call super here.
And here you can always see how the inheritance works.
We are able to create our own custom Lapchick which has all the features of the parent object has like
to create function or a name but we customize it a bit more to make it a bit more specific and that
is what inheritance is all about.
In the end to have a parent blueprint and then create specific blueprints of that overarching blueprint
.
You can also add of course a new method here.
No comma is required though.
That's important too.
We're not inside an object you don't need a comma here.
So here then I could employ and treat twice.
And what I want to do here is I want to call read two times.
So if I call this right and I call it again and then here I call it read twice.
What do you think.
We'll see if I had run.
We'll see.
My name is Max and I'm 27 two times.
So this is how I can well interact with within the object or with it in the class with the parent class
.
I could also use super here.
So if I had run now it still works.
The difference is this will point towards this object whereas superball directly refer to the parent
and to show you a difference.
All implemented create function here to purchase say hello and all exchange super for this again.
So for now I'd run what will we see we see Halo.
But if I exchange super for this for super again what do you think we'll now see.
Well now we see My name is Max and I'm 27.
So super I not only call the constructor here by adding parentheses I also have direct access to the
direct parent.
And this is of course great in a case like this where it might have a method in both the parent and
the A.D extending object or extending class like Max here.
But I want to call the parent Greta function then I can do this by using super with this I would always
just get my own one but it was super.
I can get the parent ones